# Team Meetings

### Date: 09/15/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Moved documentation to separate repo.
- We went over user stories.
- Discussed product backlog.

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
```

### Date: 09/17/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Discussed user interface for wireframe creation.
- We added a couple more user stories
- Uploaded Docker image to Docker Hub registry.
- Pulled image to the server

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
```

### Date: 09/22/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Discussed individual role responsibilities.
- Research information regarding Django framework.
- Discussed approach to developing our application flow.

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
```

### Date: 09/24/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Hooked application to database.
- Added more necessary dependencies to project.
- Discussed high level implementation of project. 

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
```

### Date: 09/29/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Database migrated.
- Built working url path.
- Tested with Postman
- Discussed requirements for tasks to finish milestone 3.

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
```

### Date: 10/01/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Learned how to deploy React app.
- Build simple react app.
- Added issues to both API and Frontend repos.
 
```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
```

### Date: 10/08/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Discussed milestone 4 tasks for each role.
- Discussed all necessary information Christian needs to know.
- Planned approach for the rest of milestone 4.
 
```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
_x_ Christian Hogue
```

### Date: 10/13/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Data input from frontend is received on the backend and stored in the Database.
- Redeployed api to pythonanywhere to test. 
- Added api tests.
 
```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
_x_ Christian Hogue
```

### Date: 10/15/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Refactored code.
- Moved frontend microservice to its own Digital Ocean droplet (Its own server).
- Ensured testing was working properly.
- Make sure JSON data is passing back and forth between frontend and backend. 
 
```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
_x_ Christian Hogue
```

### Date: 10/20/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Went milestone requirements for each role.
- Discussed functionality of React at a high level.

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
_x_ Christian Hogue
```

### Date: 10/22/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Discussed plan for milestones
- Went over necessary requirements.
  
```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
_x_ Christian Hogue
```

### Date: 10/27/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Discussed plan for rest of week.
- React design and routing.
- Discussed adding more views for two other DB tables.

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
_x_ Christian Hogue
```

### Date: 10/29/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Fixed views, serializers, and models.
- Corrected some test errors.
- Continued working on routing with React.

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
_x_ Christian Hogue
```

### Date: 11/03/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Discussed roles for each member.
- Talked about plan for this milestone.
- Plans for incorporating sign-up/login.

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
_x_ Christian Hogue
```

### Date: 11/05/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Routing troubleshooting with React.
- Implementing the chosen design to the front-end.
- Incorporating sign-up/login to the front-end.
- Fixing test case issues for all posts and users in django.
- Adding test cases for new views.

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
_x_ Christian Hogue
```

### Date: 11/10/2020
Topics Discussed:
Creating working login and signup system.
Formatted some of our files.
Worked on design of frontend.

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
_x_ Christian Hogue
```

### Date: 11/12/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Continued development of login and signup.
- Fixed styling.

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
_x_ Christian Hogue
```

### Date: 11/17/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Fixed routing.
- Worked on tweet issue. 

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
_x_ Christian Hogue
```

### Date: 11/19/2020
Topics Discussed:
- 

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
_x_ Christian Hogue
```